This package contains a memory allocator with automatic storage
reclamation (i.e., a (conservative) garbage collector) for Forth
(written in ANS Forth, see gc4image.fs for more information). It is
distributed under the GNU General Public license (see COPYING).

In the file NEWS you find information about changes relative to
earlier versions.

Version 1.2 has been tested with Gforth-0.6.2 on Linux-AMD64.

Version 1.1 has been tested with Gforth-0.4.0 on Linux-Alpha and
PFE-0.9.14 on Digital Unix.

Version 1.0 has been tested with Gforth on Linux-Intel, Linux-Alpha
and Digital Unix and on PFE and iForth under Linux-Intel.

To unpack it, unzip the zip file in a directory-preserving way (i.e.,
if you use PKUNZIP, use the option -d).

To load it just perform

s" gc.fs" included

in your Forth system.

You can find the documentation in gc.html.

To test whether the package works on your system, type

make test FORTH=your_forth

If your Forth does not have Gforth-compatible command-line options,
you can test it by performing

s" test-gc.fs" included bye

and

1 s" test2-gc.fs" included bye \ takes a while

in your Forth system. If you have some CPU time to burn, you can also
"make test2".

You can install the Forth files with

make install forthdir=your_forth_dir

This package also contains a snapshot of Gforth's compat library (in
the compat directory), which tries to provide some of Gforth's
features on other Forth systems. The files in the compat library are
usually in the public domain. Documentation for the compat files is
usually contained in the files themselves; you can find more
documentation in Gforth's documentation.

Bug reports are welcome, but please make double-sure that it's not a
bug in your program. A bug report should contain a program that
exercises the bug, a description of the environment, and a description
of the behaviour you consider buggy.

I will try to fix the bugs in this package that you report. If there
is suffient interest, I'll also refine it also with respect to
efficiency (currently it is more designed for simplicity than for
performance).

You can find the latest version of this package in
http://www.complang.tuwien.ac.at/forth/garbage-collection-*.*.zip

- anton
anton@mips.complang.tuwien.ac.at
http://www.complang.tuwien.ac.at/anton/home.html
